OrangeBookWiki/TestChallengeComments.md, before:

## Code Challenge - Final TestChallenge Comments
The goal of this code challenge is to create a microservice using Java and any framework that you think it is
appropriate.</br>
Return to Main: </br>
[README.md] (https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/README.md)
## Final Autor TestChallenge Comments
<pre>
Special comments for my experience on development this apps.
I tryed to apply all demanding rules, and soliciting experience:
    - Apply SOLID principles
    - BDD, TTD and Do ATDD
    - The requirements have been kept simple on purpose but
      structure and code the solution as if it were a
      big application
    - The microservice should be auto-contained. 
      Don't depend on any external services being run.
    - Some requirements have been left ambiguous on purpose so,
      if you make any assumption, please add a comment.
    - Java 1.8 or higher.
    - Sping Framework, mvc, boot, data.
    - Continuos Integration (Jenkins)
I have experience as a developer based on Open Source ERP Idempiere. 
Particullary this ERP lacks a litle on Testing procedures, because most java plugin 
development is based on community developed legacy code.
Idempiere is based on Java JPA persistence, making it compatible for Oracle an PostgreSQL. 
So my experience on Hibernate is relatively medium, based as selft-taught and developer curiosity. 
There are some Database validations, that must be done on hibernate project table annotations model. 
Instead of this, i used an script to solve temporaryly some table constrains. I recognize it is not a good practice, specially on ORM development.
At the moment, i have not 100% complied with the development of applications under a testing approach. 
This is due because i have to employ time on project structure design, 
i mean classes, Dao, Service and Controller. 
Also describing the tools required to install development and production environment.
The objective of continuous integration has not been addressed in this exercise, 
however the use of mavem simplifyes this approach.
A microservice for Jenkins cant be used for this purpose.
Additional Front End HTML-CSS-JS pages will easyly help improve testing on production environment.
It has been a pleasure to work on this.
I hope, It likes to you
Best regards, Luis Amesty Linares 
</pre>

Commit message:

Test Comments signature Signed-off-by: luisamesty <luisamesty@MacBook-Pro-de-Luis-23.local>

OrangeBookWiki/TestChallengeComments.md, after:

## Code Challenge - Final TestChallenge Comments
The goal of this code challenge is to create a microservice using Java and any framework that you think it is
appropriate.</br>
Return to Main: </br>
[README.md] (https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/README.md)
## Final Autor TestChallenge Comments
<pre>
Special comments for my experience on development this apps.
I tryed to apply all demanding rules, and soliciting experience:
    - Apply SOLID principles
    - BDD, TTD and Do ATDD
    - The requirements have been kept simple on purpose but
      structure and code the solution as if it were a
      big application
    - The microservice should be auto-contained. 
      Don't depend on any external services being run.
    - Some requirements have been left ambiguous on purpose so,
      if you make any assumption, please add a comment.
    - Java 1.8 or higher.
    - Sping Framework, mvc, boot, data.
    - Continuos Integration (Jenkins)
    - GitHub Repository.
I have experience as a developer based on Open Source ERP Idempiere. 
Particullary this ERP lacks a litle on Testing procedures, because most java plugin 
development is based on community developed legacy code, started 
on 1999 as Compiere and forked on iDempiere on 2008.
Idempiere is based on Java JPA persistence, making it compatible for Oracle an PostgreSQL. 
So my experience on Hibernate is relatively medium, based as selft-taught and developer curiosity. 
There are some Database validations, that must be done on hibernate project table annotations model. 
Instead of this, i used an script to solve temporaryly some table constrains. 
I recognize it is not a good practice, specially on ORM development.
At the moment, i have not 100% complied with the development of 
applications under a testing approach. 
This is due because i have to employ time on project structure design, 
i mean classes, Dao, Service and Controller. 
Also describing the tools required to install development and production environment.
The objective of continuous integration has not been addressed in this exercise, 
however the use of mavem simplifyes this approach.
A microservice for Jenkins cant be used for this purpose.
Additional Front End HTML-CSS-JS pages will easyly help improve testing on production environment.
It has been a pleasure to work on this.
I hope, It likes to you
Best regards,  
</pre>
[Luis Amesty Linares - www.linkedin.com/in/luisamesty](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luisamesty)</br>
luisamesty@gmail.com</br>
Return to Main: [README.md](https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/README.md)
