README.md, before:

# Welcome to TestChallenge wiki!

## Code Challenge
The goal of this code challenge is to create a microservice using Java and any framework that you think it is
appropriate.
## General rules
- Apply SOLID principles
- Do ATDD
- The requirements have been kept simple on purpose but structure and code the solution as if it were a
big application
- The microservice should be auto-contained. Don't depend on any external services being run (ex. if
needed, use an in-memory data storage)
- Some requirements have been left ambiguous on purpose so, if you make any assumption, please add a
comment
## Content
- [Home] (https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/README.md)
- [Requirements|How-to-get-started](https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/OrangeBookWiki/Requirements.md)
- [Apache Tomcat on Docker](https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/OrangeBookWiki/RequirementsDockerImages.md)
- [PostgreSQL Database 9.6](https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/OrangeBookWiki/RequirementsPostgreSQL.md)
***
Technologies stack: Java, Spring, Maven, Hibernate, PostgreSQL, JUnit, Log4j, Jetty, Tomcat, HTML, CSS.

Commit message:

PostgeSQL, Projects and Eclipse md files

README.md, after:

# Welcome to TestChallenge wiki!

## Code Challenge
The goal of this code challenge is to create a microservice using Java and any framework that you think it is
appropriate.
## General rules
- Apply SOLID principles
- Do ATDD
- The requirements have been kept simple on purpose but structure and code the solution as if it were a
big application
- The microservice should be auto-contained. Don't depend on any external services being run (ex. if
needed, use an in-memory data storage)
- Some requirements have been left ambiguous on purpose so, if you make any assumption, please add a
comment
## Content
- [Home] (https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/README.md)
- [Requirements|App to be Developed and Tested](https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/OrangeBookWiki/Requirements.md)
- [Apps and projects](https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/OrangeBookWiki/RequirementsProjects.md) 
- [Eclipse environment](https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/OrangeBookWiki/RequirementsEclipse.md)
- [Apache Tomcat on Docker](https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/OrangeBookWiki/RequirementsDockerImages.md)
- [PostgreSQL Database 9.6](https://github.com/luisamesty/orangebanktest/blob/master/OrangeBookWiki/RequirementsPostgreSQL.md)
***
Technologies stack: Java, Spring, Maven, Hibernate, PostgreSQL, JUnit, Log4j, Jetty, Tomcat, HTML, CSS.
